[5.1] docs(chip): Document Selectable parameter (#1586)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/chip/overview.md

| `Icon` | `object` | Use this parameter to render an icon in the chip. |
| `Removable` | `bool` | Specifies if the chip can be removed by the user. If set to `true` a remove icon will be rendered on each available chip. |
| `RemoveIcon` | `object` | Defines the icon that will be rendered if the `Removable` parameter is set to `true`. |

> | `Selectable` | `bool` <br/> (`true`) | Specifies if the Chip can be selected. Overrides the `Selected` parameter value.|

Author: ```suggestion
| `Selectable` | `bool` <br/> (`true`) | Specifies if the Chip can be selected. If set to `false`, it will override the `Selected` parameter value.|
```
